you
you you
you I saw
I saw
I saw the Lord standing by the altar and he
the Lord standing by the altar and he
the Lord standing by the altar and he strike the doorposts that the thresholds
strike the doorposts that the thresholds
strike the doorposts that the thresholds may shake and break them on their heads
may shake and break them on their heads
may shake and break them on their heads of them all I will slay the last of them
of them all I will slay the last of them
of them all I will slay the last of them with the salt
with the salt
with the salt he who flees from them shall not get
he who flees from them shall not get
he who flees from them shall not get away and he who escapes from them shall
away and he who escapes from them shall
away and he who escapes from them shall not be delivered though they dig into
not be delivered though they dig into
not be delivered though they dig into hell from there my hand shall take them
hell from there my hand shall take them
hell from there my hand shall take them though they climb up to heaven from
though they climb up to heaven from
though they climb up to heaven from there I will bring them down and though
there I will bring them down and though
there I will bring them down and though they hide themselves on top of camels
they hide themselves on top of camels
they hide themselves on top of camels from there I will search and take them
from there I will search and take them
from there I will search and take them though they hide from my sight at the
though they hide from my sight at the
though they hide from my sight at the bottom of the sea from there I will
bottom of the sea from there I will
bottom of the sea from there I will command the serpent and it shall back
command the serpent and it shall back
command the serpent and it shall back them though they go into captivity
them though they go into captivity
them though they go into captivity before their enemies from there I will
before their enemies from there I will
before their enemies from there I will command the salt and it shall slay them
command the salt and it shall slay them
command the salt and it shall slay them I will set my eyes on them for harm and
I will set my eyes on them for harm and
I will set my eyes on them for harm and not for good the Lord God of hosts he
not for good the Lord God of hosts he
not for good the Lord God of hosts he who touches the earth and it melts and
who touches the earth and it melts and
who touches the earth and it melts and all who dwell there mourn all of it
all who dwell there mourn all of it
all who dwell there mourn all of it shall swell like the river and subside
shall swell like the river and subside
shall swell like the river and subside like the river of Egypt he who builds
like the river of Egypt he who builds
like the river of Egypt he who builds his layers in the sky and has founded
his layers in the sky and has founded
his layers in the sky and has founded his strata in the earth who calls for
his strata in the earth who calls for
his strata in the earth who calls for the waters of the sea and pours them out
the waters of the sea and pours them out
the waters of the sea and pours them out on the face of the earth the Lord is his
on the face of the earth the Lord is his
on the face of the earth the Lord is his name are you not like the people of
name are you not like the people of
name are you not like the people of the opiate to me o children of Israel
the opiate to me o children of Israel
the opiate to me o children of Israel says the Lord did I not bring up Israel
says the Lord did I not bring up Israel
says the Lord did I not bring up Israel from the land of Egypt the Philistines
from the land of Egypt the Philistines
from the land of Egypt the Philistines from cap Thor and the Syrians from color
from cap Thor and the Syrians from color
from cap Thor and the Syrians from color behold
behold
behold the eyes of the Lord God are on the
the eyes of the Lord God are on the
the eyes of the Lord God are on the sinful Kingdom and I will destroy it
sinful Kingdom and I will destroy it
sinful Kingdom and I will destroy it from the face of the earth yet I will
from the face of the earth yet I will
from the face of the earth yet I will not utterly destroy the house of Jacob
not utterly destroy the house of Jacob
not utterly destroy the house of Jacob says the Lord for surely I will command
says the Lord for surely I will command
says the Lord for surely I will command and will sift the house of Israel among
and will sift the house of Israel among
and will sift the house of Israel among all nations as grain is sifted in a
all nations as grain is sifted in a
all nations as grain is sifted in a sieve yet not the smallest grain shall
sieve yet not the smallest grain shall
sieve yet not the smallest grain shall fall to the ground all the sinners of my
fall to the ground all the sinners of my
fall to the ground all the sinners of my people shall die by the sword who say
people shall die by the sword who say
people shall die by the sword who say the calamity shall not overtake nor
the calamity shall not overtake nor
the calamity shall not overtake nor confront us on that day I will raise up
confront us on that day I will raise up
confront us on that day I will raise up the tabernacle of David which has fallen
the tabernacle of David which has fallen
the tabernacle of David which has fallen down and repair its damages
down and repair its damages
down and repair its damages I will raise up its ruins and rebuild it
I will raise up its ruins and rebuild it
I will raise up its ruins and rebuild it as in the days of old that they may
as in the days of old that they may
as in the days of old that they may possess the remnant of Edom and all the
possess the remnant of Edom and all the
possess the remnant of Edom and all the gentiles who are called by my name says
gentiles who are called by my name says
gentiles who are called by my name says the lord who does this thing behold the
the lord who does this thing behold the
the lord who does this thing behold the days are coming says the Lord when the
days are coming says the Lord when the
days are coming says the Lord when the ploughman shall overtake the Reaper and
ploughman shall overtake the Reaper and
ploughman shall overtake the Reaper and the Treader of grapes him who sews seed
the Treader of grapes him who sews seed
the Treader of grapes him who sews seed the mountains shall drip with sweet wine
the mountains shall drip with sweet wine
the mountains shall drip with sweet wine and all the hills shall flow with it I
and all the hills shall flow with it I
and all the hills shall flow with it I will bring back the captives of my
will bring back the captives of my
will bring back the captives of my people Israel they shall build the waste
people Israel they shall build the waste
people Israel they shall build the waste cities and inhabit them they shall plant
cities and inhabit them they shall plant
cities and inhabit them they shall plant vineyards and drink wine from them they
vineyards and drink wine from them they
vineyards and drink wine from them they shall also make gardens and eat fruit
shall also make gardens and eat fruit
shall also make gardens and eat fruit from them I will plant them in their
from them I will plant them in their
from them I will plant them in their land and no longer shall they be pulled
land and no longer shall they be pulled
land and no longer shall they be pulled up from the land I have given them says
up from the land I have given them says
up from the land I have given them says the Lord your God
[Music]
[Music] you
you
you [Music]